[Song playing]
[crutches clunking]
[DT sighs]
- Sorry for being late.
- No, it's okay.
Why didn't you order anything?
No... I didn't think
you would be coming, so...
Yet... here I am.
No, thank you. I don't want anything.
Please go ahead.
- Sure?
- Yes... Sure... Please.
Excuse me.
[Sucheta] 'So, the last time
you refused to talk to me.'
'What changed?'
Curious. Good.
I'm curious about something else.
We were going through
an economic crisis.
Government changed, the prime minister changed.
Everything changed.
But the stock market remained stable.
And it still is.
What are you trying to insinuate?
Everyone is making a profit.
That's a good thing.
Everyone?
So...
...you mean...
...Harshad Mehta and his followers?
'In Harshad Bhai's reign,
the market goes insane.'
Can I be honest with you?
I'm not a very big fan
of Mr. Mehta.
Then you are an exception.
Because the people
of your fraternity...
...have declared him
the greatest scholar in the market.
[DT] 'Some even think that he
should be the finance minister.'
Mr. Mehta can surely
become a minister.
He is always delivering speeches.
But I... I personally, think
his theories are just rubbish.
Nobody cares what you and I think.
Right now, money is flowing
into the market...
...and everyone is taking a dip
in this river.
But no one cares
where the source of this river is.
Where is all this money
coming from?
You know, lots of people think
it's the underworld?
Baseless theories.
So, where are the funds coming from?
[glass and ashtray clanking]
Harshad doesn't need...
...the underworld or political
parties to fund him.
He has the government in his
pocket.
He makes one phone call,
and his friends in Delhi...
...instruct all
government institutions...
...to provide him with
all the funds he wants.
Do you have any proof for this?
No.
But I know it for sure.
Last time, I tried
to reach out to you...
...because I was doing a story on
the irregularities in the money market.
But you seem to be interested
only in Harshad Mehta.
Yes.
Because in money market also,
everything is going haywire.
All the financial institutions
and banks are under Harshad's control.
He is cornering all the securities
and taking positions in the market.
Right now...
...nothing else matters.
Not your merit, not your skill.
Nothing.
The only thing that matters is...
...how much you can grease the palms
of these bank officials.
Because Harshad is very good at it.
He does it, so we are
also compelled to do it.
If we don't keep the bank officials happy...
...we won't even get the
little business that we do.
Last week, UCO Bank...
...gave Harshad a clean credit
of fifty crores.
Do you understand clean credit?
Without any collateral.
And you want me
to do a story on this?
Can I quote you on this?
No.
Then there is no story.
As you said,
nobody cares about what we think.
If I have to print anything
against Mr. Harshad Mehta...
...then I will need solid evidence.
I can't do anything against him...
...because I will need those details
to expose his modus operandi.
I will need something from you.
Fine.
You will get
your solid evidence soon.
[Title Montage]
Before we enter, I want to warn you
that my dad is very old school.
A hard nut to crack.
He is very, like you know,
orthodox in his methods.
Brother...
Old school or new school...
...every syllabus has
one subject in common...
Profit.
And that is my favourite subject.
Amrik was telling me
that in your opinion...
...our company is undervalued?
Yes, it is undervalued.
There's no doubt about it.
In the last quarter, you earned a profit
of more than 20 crores.
But the dividend payout against it
is only 40 percent.
[Harshad] 'And earning per share
is just 7.27 rupees.'
I have been studying your
company's finances for a while.
What is the current value
of your share? 22-23?
It touched 28.
Same thing. Same range.
And where do you intend
to go by the year-end?
Minimum double.
I believe, I can take
your company's share up to 400.
-[scoffs]
- Plain rhetoric. I've heard this before.
See, when I said that you are
undervaluing your company...
...what I meant is...
...that you should not value your company
only on the basis of what it earns.
Tell me. When did you commence
your business?
1972.
That's 19 years. Long time.
You've invested a lot.
[Harshad] 'Your passion, your time,
all those sleepless nights.'
You mind if I get up?
- Please.
- Thanks.
So, 19 years back, how much money did
you invest to build this company?
Today, with the same amount, is it
possible to build a similar company?
Not possible, right?
So, to build a company like Polo,
how much money would you need today?
Now that's the real value
of your company.
The true value.
I call it my replacement cost theory.
Take the example of ACC shares.
It was at 300.
And today?
Three thousand.
Look, in the share market,
some people believe in fate...
...but I only believe in value.
And from what I understand...
...the value of your company
is much higher than you think.
I'm not sure if your methods
are legitimate.
In the share market,
everything is legitimate.
My methods are new, unconventional...
...so, people find them illegitimate.
What's in it for you?
A part... Stakes...
How much?
Sizeable.
Mr. Mehta...
...some time back...
...you had acquired Mazda.
I have built this company
on my own...
...and I still want to own it.
You are misunderstanding.
Wanting a stake, doesn't mean
I want to take over your company.
I am in the business
of creating wealth.
I'm not interested in selling steel.
That's your expertise.
I don't even want
a position on your board.
I'm not eyeing your company.
- But I'm...
- ...Interested in its real value.
There you are.
[billiard ball clacking]
Will you just stand there
or ask what's on your mind?
The promise you've made... to
push up Polo shares, like ACC...
Do you have a plan
to raise funds for it?
[Ashwin] 'Or as usual,
‘with the blessings of Shantilal Mehta?''
We will get some funds from Polo itself.
Mr. Singh's son was also
in the meeting.
He is a smart boy. He said,
anything you need, let me know.
It's his father's company.
How can he promise anything
under his father's rule?
Or there's something in your mind
that I don't know about, as usual.
It will be done.
The shares we get, we'll use
as collateral to get a bank loan.
I've also spoken to mutual fund companies.
They are buying some shares.
And, I know some foreign companies
who want to invest in India.
But not through regular channels.
- The rest will come from them.
- That's fine, Harshad.
But all your strategies
should be known to us.
No one except you has any
account of the flow of funds.
It's time...
...to launch the IPO of Growmore.
I had told you...
...I want to take Growmore
so high...
...that we won't have to go
Running around for funds.
Just wait and watch...
...by the end of the year,
the sensex will kiss 2000.
Have you seen Merrill Lynch's
balance sheet?
Do you know how much profit
they made last year?
Two thousand crores.
- And what did we make?
-[billiard ball clacking]
We should be in direct
competition with Merrill Lynch.
Now, the focus is on just one thing.
To make Growmore
bigger than Merrill Lynch.
Really?
In that case,
I want to be the Prime Minister.
[Song playing]
[Maheshwari] 'Hey...'
'Save the money.
You can use them to buy shares.'
Look at him dancing.
- Look at his moves.
- Yes.
Let him dance.
Dancing relaxes him.
Yes. And entertains us.
And he finds entertainment
peeing in the toilet.
The moment the market falls,
he runs to pee.
Right.
Did you see the price of Polo?
In five months, its gone
from 70 to 230.
Harshad is pouring money
into it like water.
There will be a flood
anytime now.
800 percent gain in five months.
800 percent.
- 800 percent, Maheshwari Bhai!
- Yes.
It's not a joke,
it's f*****g insanity.
Hey, stop cussing like Manu Bhai.
Forget it, M**********r!
Do you have a pen?
- Let me show you, hold on.
- What?
I'll make a chart
and show you.
Once a downward trend starts...
Yes.
- Once we start selling Polo shares...
- Yes.
...the downward movement
will start.
Okay.
Then Polo will fall
and Harshad will break.
How will Harshad break?
Even if it hits a resistance,
what have we got to sell?
Harshad has stuffed almost
all Polo shares up his warm a***.
So, let's warm his a*** some more.
- Let's set it on fire.
- You are absolutely right.
- Come on. Get up.
- No, please.
- Let's talk to Ajay Bhai.
- Come on.
What are you doing?
- No, please.
- Yes.
[song playing]
'Actually Mr. Kedia was right.
We do have Polo shares.'
In fact, Mr. Mehta has pledged
a lot of his shares with us...
...since he has an excellent
relationship with our bank.
Come on, Mr. Verma.
My experience with banks
has taught me one thing.
You are interested in only
one kind of relationship...
...the one that gives you
money and profit.
Right?
I'll speak directly.
From one banker to another.
You have the shares pledged with you.
You are well within your rights
to lend them.
If you lend the shares, then
from the profit we make in the market...
...you will...
...I mean, Grindlays will get
a share too.
Hmmm.
And Mr. Mehta?
What if he gets to know?
Sir, millions of shares
move around in the share market.
How will Harshad get to know?
Don't worry. I've got your back.
But time is crucial.
And we need to do this quickly.
Your 'Karamchand' has
done all this analysis?
- Don't call my source 'Karamchand'.
- Okay.
Anyway, in his opinion,
major institutions are helping Harshad.
And he is telling us how.
Okay. Look at this.
This was the day,
UTI bought heavily.
And this was the day,
LIC was made to buy.
Look at the volumes.
And whenever this has happened...
...Harshad's shares have
shot up in value.
Sucheta, don't you think
that you are speculating?
And you can't write anything,
only on the basis of speculation.
Yes. But speculation will lead me
to the specifics, won't it?
I'm sure we'll get something.
Okay, agreed.
But I still don't get it.
Why is your 'Karamchand' sharing
this information?
Is he eating the carrot
or dangling it for you?
I don't know.
He is no saint either.
He says it himself.
Why is he after Harshad then?
Because Harshad portrays himself
as the king of the market.
And unless they salute him,
no one stands a chance.
So, it's personal.
It's subjective.
I think...
...a thief is exposing a bandit.
And the price is always
on the bandit's head.
So, what's your next move?
- I'm thinking I'll approach
the SEBI governor on this. - SEBI?
SEBI is a non-statutory body,
Sucheta.
It's only a formality.
They can't regulate the market.
The only rules there,
are the brokers.
Yes, but they should know
about these irregularities.
They must have a way to take action.
You are a journalist.
- Not an activist.
- Whatever.
Sir, if you look closely,
in the last six months...
...all the highs and lows
have been brought on by one single factor.
What single factor?
- Harshad Mehta.
- Harshad Mehta?
What are you saying?
In your graph...
...it's clear that these
are institutional investors.
Government-led institutions.
Despite that, you are saying...
...they are controlled
by Harshad Mehta, a stockbroker?
You have any proof?
- No, sir. Not at the moment.
- Then?
Sir, I only have my typewriter
and my sources.
[Sucheta] 'That's it.'
Sir, I don't need to tell you this.
You are the SEBI governor.
If you want proof then you have
all the means by which...
...you can take this
investigation further.
Sir, I just thought that it was my moral
responsibility to bring this to your notice.
[Harshad] 'From where are all these
Polo shares coming into the market?'
'Who is selling them?'
It's fallen from 230 to 208.
Right.
That's what I'm thinking.
We have bought the maximum.
[door opening]
Sir, a courier.
I called for some Polo shares
from the market. Check if they are the same.
[Ashwin] 'Look at this.'
It has our company's stamp on it.
Some idiot has sold us our shares
at the time of settlement.
Grindlays!
[Ashwin] 'Let's catch Grindlays
by the balls...'
...tell them to keep their money
and return our shares.
No.
This is not Grindlays.
It's the bears' game.
If there's someone we need to tackle,
it's the bears.
Meaning?
If we talk to Grindlays...
...the bears will immediately
get information, that we know.
This isn't the time to defend
but to attack.
Let those bears hammer as many shares
as they want, for the next two months.
They should feel
we are out of funds.
Then, at the right time,
I'll shove a stick so high up...
...that the bloody bears' balls
will lose their bearings.
You didn't ask the question?
What question?
The usual.
‘Where will the funds come from?'
I know you will manage...
...and you won't even tell me.
But think before you do anything.
Don't be impulsive.
Mr. Sitaraman.
Have a seat.
How are you? All well?
Coffee?
No, sir. I just had coffee.
Really?
[Harshad smirks]
You have brought
cheques worth 500 crores.
You have, haven't you?
Then why shy away from a
100 rupee coffee? Huh?
Brother.
A strong coffee for sir,
and tea for me.
499, Sir.
- All signed.
- Great.
Sir.
- Sir.
- Yes?
When will I get SGL for it, sir?
Never.
[Harshad laughing]
Who gives SGL these days?
I'll give you BRs. Okay?
Don't get so tense, brother.
You've handed it to me now.
Isn't this tension, that
I'm taking from you?
And, I don't intend to
keep it for long.
It's only a matter of a few days.
You see, Sir, the SGL...
I mean... once I get the BRs...
...I need to make entries
in the books.
[Sitaraman] 'Then after a few days...'
...I need to tally
the books in PDO.
All this takes a few days. So...
Darling, you worry too much.
Is this my first deal with SBI?
Sir, this time, it's a big amount.
And the RBI guidelines, sir...
You have turned this tiny amount
to Mount Everest in your mind.
[Harshad] 'For me, every amount
is small.'
You'll get the money in a few days.
You can do the entry then.
Look, if the amount is big...
...the profit should be
big too, right?
I'll buy a few shares
in your wife's name.
I hope that's okay.
Sir, after the audit...
...we gave strict instructions
to these banks...
...to strictly follow
the RBI guidelines.
But some of these banks
have been flouting rules.
They are not taking us seriously.
A few rotten apples, sir.
Sir, please take a look
at SBI's report.
Anything specific?
Sir, I'm not sure how they are doing
their securities transactions these days?
[Mukherjee] 'I mean, it seems
they do maintain records but...'
'...only to confuse everybody.'
Of course, excepting those
who are creating it.
Sir, to monitor these transactions
we should create...
- ...a special department in SBI...
- No... No, Mukherjee.
We can't do that.
The SBI is working hard to channelize funds
from abroad for our foreign exchange reserves.
We can't do
any open investigation now.
You should know this.
[Venkitarajan sighs]
Anyway, I get your point.
I'll study your report
thoroughly and...
...I'll talk to the SBI chairman
directly. Okay?
I went with all my homework.
I showed him all the numbers.
Graphs, charts, everything.
But he's just not ready to believe it.
All he wanted was proof.
'If we don't get proof,
we won't do anything.'
And that's not wrong, you know.
Everyone has gotten used to
working within boundaries.
I predicted this whole pattern
six months back.
And if you remember...
...I predicted that without solid evidence,
we will not have a story.
Without proof or a witness,
we can't do anything.
You will get someone. Just be patient.
I am patient but I'm frustrated.
I know.
If this continues,
BSE will have to change to HSE.
Harshad Stock Exchange.
-[honks]
- Watch out!
Thank God, I just replaced
the tyres.
Harshad.
Bhushan says we are buying
Polo shares from everywhere?
Let's talk calmly
in the office.
Are you using banking funds?
Sit.
From where?
- Sit down.
- How much?
Is this the first time
we are doing it? Huh?
It's from SBI.
A little less than 500 crores,
and another 100 is expected.
And which bank has given you BRs
for such a huge amount?
I've told them securities
will come from PNB.
You've told them?
Harshad.
Are you out of your mind, Harshad?
Without BRs or securities...
- ...you took 500 Crores from SBI?!
- It's only for a few days.
I'll repay them
before they close their books.
You could've asked.
Whom would I ask?
Huh?
We will get trapped.
In trying to hustle in one place,
you'll break at a hundred more, Harshad.
- Stop being so negative.
- Negative?
I can't do business
playing a saint. Got it?
Had I listened to you, we would've already
shut down our business, just like Pappa.
Is it necessary to talk
about this at home?
[Harshad] 'Get me some tea.'
Well done, Harshad.
[applauds]
You aren't even playing.
Why did you come?
I have to. I'm his partner.
- Partner?
- Yes, why?
What partner?
Have you signed the papers?
...or partner just in name?
You drink your tea. Okay?
I'll be back. Don't drink my blood!
Bowl properly. It's going out of line.
Buddy, can't you see
that it's a wide? Such a wide wide
Harshad Bhai, will you do
both, batting and umpiring?
Don't bicker
or I'll have to bowl too.
Come on. The game is almost over.
Go bowl.
'C'mon, Harshad Bhai, c'mon!'
'Catch it!'
[crowd] Ohhh!
Be careful.
He will throw a fast one.
Well done, Harshad.
You played so well.
You played some great strokes.
Why don't you ever play?
Are you crazy? What if I get hurt?
Not everyone has b***s like you.
Coward.
Hiding your courage between your
legs won't get you anywhere.
You have to pin it on your chest
Are you done with your
idioms and proverbs?
Can we talk business now?
What business on a Sunday?
Everyone is talking in the market.
Your partner has to listen
to it.
Who said anything
to Ashwin Bhai?
Hey.
I'm talking about myself.
Go on now. What did you hear?
[Bhushan clears throat]
Polo.
Everyone is saying
that you are rigging the price.
They are asking for an inquiry.
Who is ‘everyone'?
All the big players in the market.
Manu Bhai's troops.
The entire bear gang.
And if that wasn't enough,
the PMS investors too.
Bloody hell.
I have doubled all
their investments.
Can the bear gang do that?
Thanks to me, everyone has
filled their vaults.
And now they are tarnishing my name.
M**********rs!
Yes. It's your reputation
at stake. Got it?
Everyone has suddenly
become brave.
Here. Have a Samosa.
Hold this.
You eat the Samosa.
Designing is your department.
I won't understand it.
For me, the message
is more important.
Look, I want to clear my position
on Polo in the market.
I have earned a lot of money
for my investors.
A lot more than what I promised.
I want the people to know this.
You see. I'm working...
...towards making the people
of this country more prosperous.
And Growmore is playing the market
with business acumen and honesty.
So, honesty is the key word.
And I want to speak to
the public directly.
I want to reach them.
So, what do they call it?
Press note.
Let’s say, it's a press note
turned into an advertisement.
Can we use your face?
I mean, can we put your face
in our campaigns?
[Harshad smirks]
I am no Amitabh Bachchan,
that you want to use my face.
Sir, that's what the public thinks...
...that you are the Amitabh Bachchan
of this market.
[Lata] 'Sir, people are questioning you,
not Growmore.'
And we want your face
because you are the face.
Okay. Go ahead.
Make the ad look like
a newspaper article.
And the headline should be...
...Harshad Mehta is a clean man.
[Lata] 'That is too direct.'
Nobody cares, actually.
That's true. Nobody cares.
In fact, left to them,
the newspapers will print a headline...
...Harshad Mehta is a liar.
Read.
I knew it from the start...
...that you are a liar.
Harshad Mehta is a liar.
Good. It's even out
in the paper now.
What lie did I tell you?
Really?
If I start making a list, even my list
will be included in the BSE listing.
You promised America
and didn't even take me to Amreli.
But we went to Europe, didn't we?
And let the vacations come,
we'll go to America too.
If we have to go,
we need to start planning now.
Or else, forget about it.
So this time, you make the plan.
I'll manage the rest.
Sure?
- Sure.
- Swear on me.
First, massage my legs.
If it doesn't happen...
...I will put banners all over Bombay...
...that Harshad Mehta is a liar.
Just you wait.
Did you read it?
"Harshad Mehta is a liar."
Who gets something like this
printed in the newspaper?
Isn't it getting out of hand?
Did you read the full ad?
The first line is only
to grab attention.
Look, it says below,
that Harshad Mehta is a liar...
...because he earned much bigger
profits for his investors than he promised.
Ashwin Bhai.
Where does Harshad get
this courage from?
Instead of addressing the market
and clearing his position...
...he has stuck himself on posters
and cut-outs all over Bombay.
A new chapter
has been added to history...
...called Harshad Mehta.
Now I don't just want to run,
it's the time to leap.
I know Ashwin Bhai
won't understand this.
But why can't your
brain process this?
Can't a person from the market
do marketing?
Hmm?
Look at this face.
Look carefully.
Its face value is our net worth.
You want to be a hero?
[Harshad smirks]
Do you know what India
manufactures the most?
- Cement, steel.
- Heroes and gods.
Today's common man can be
tomorrow's hero.
Today's hero can be
tomorrow's God.
Cricketers, politicians, film stars...
they all do this.
Actually, we Indians love
creating heroes.
If people feel Harshad Mehta
can give them a brighter future...
...what's wrong with that?
More the people that move towards us,
the more we can move the market.
Look, I don't want to go to
the market and give a speech.
I want to rely on people's trust.
That's what I'm saying.
Don't play with people's trust.
-[knock at the door]
- Bhushan.
[Sucheta] ‘The ad did wonders
for him.'
‘Even if people thought
Harshad Mehta was a liar...'
‘...they didn't care.'
‘All who invested in Harshad's
shares, made a profit.'
‘The way the value of shares
like ACC, Polo, Mazda was rising...'
‘...no one could have imagined it.'
‘Harshad was the new market guru.'
‘He was everywhere.'
‘Brokers, investors, businessmen,
politicians...'
‘...every man wanted to be Harshad's
special man.'
‘Everyone wanted to know
what his next step would be.'
‘And so, he was now a threat to those
brokers and family-owned businesses...'
‘...who had monopolized the market
so far.'
‘No one likes an outsider.'
-[chanting mantras]
-[footsteps approaching]
All day you pray to God.
At least, let him sleep at night.
Don't say things like that.
I think he only answers your prayers
these days.
Your son is now the highest
advance taxpayer in the country.
Even higher than Dhirubhai.
This must be
because he only listens to you.
At least, fold your hands once.
It's all because of his blessings.
[chanting mantras]
Mummy...
Just see, how many doors
this Harshad Shantilal Mehta opens.
Our offices will never close.
[Sucheta] 'I found out something incredible
about Harshad.'
Seriously? To tell me that
you've brought me to this ruin?
You know, sometimes it feels that you
are cheating on me with Harshad.
What do they say? Is he my second wife?
It's not called second wife.
Stop joking!
Anyway, you remember
Mazda industries?
Last year, my second wife bought it.
Sorry. Go on.
- Yes, Harshad bought it last year.
- Right.
It was a loss-making
leasing company...
...and in a few months, Harshad made it
seem like it was a complete turnaround.
- Yeah.
- The stock prices were shooting...
...through the roof
in such a short period of time.
Sorry. I'm listening. Go on.
Harshad creates a brand
in people's mind.
He creates an image of the company.
Do you remember that advertisement
in the newspaper?
"Doom, Boom and Zoom!"
It was about this turnaround,
complete puff piece.
Systematically, a false image
of Mazda was created.
And Mazda will now enter
the real estate and exports also...
...and they will deal with
innovative financial instruments.
And they will be listed
in every major exchange.
All of this under Growmore Corporate.
And this year...
In fact, this financial year...
...they haven't earned a penny
through leasing.
I mean... But from other incomes,
they have 5.19 crores in the bank.
How?
Raw profits from stock trading.
That's how.
Brilliant. This sounds great.
But you still haven't answered
my question.
What are we doing here?
You could have told me
all this anywhere.
True.
I just wanted to give you a tour.
This is Mazda Industries.
Good job.
- Seriously.
- Thank you.
But you also need to understand
that he played really well.
Sucheta, it's the stock market.
A betting ring.
Brand value is equal to perception.
That's true, but that's the
very mind-set we need to break.
I mean... Imagine, how many people bought
this stock because of that false promise?
People should know that Harshad
is not a genius. He is a crook.
- I see...
- And apart from this, he made one more mistake.
After taking over listed companies,
the original shareholders...
...are offered an open offer of
20 percent, which he didn't do.
And I want to cover this story.
So that... You know...
...hopefully, it will be breaking news.
- Breaking news?
- Hopefully.
What purpose will that serve?
Your breaking news
won't even break his sleep.
He's too big now.
It might not break his sleep.
But even if a few people wake up...
...it would be good enough.
[Sucheta] 'It was someone else
from his office...'
'He said Mr. Mehta
has specially invited me to meet him.'
'Of course, I'm gonna go.
After all, I ruined his sleep.'
I ordered some wine for you.
- Here.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
So, how does it feel to be back?
Your first job was here, wasn't it?
You've researched about me?
You see, whatever I do is backed
by solid research.
These days, just studying the market
is not enough.
Who, when and how much is necessary
for the market...
...studying that is equally important.
So, according to your study,
am I important or not?
That depends on your approach.
Whether your approach
is constructive or destructive!
Whatever it is...
...I'd like to think that I matter.
That I'm important.
In the market, only they are important,
who are of use to me.
Mr. Mehta, you...
The things you do,
the way you do them...
...you know it's not right,
don't you?
"Don't be afraid to give up
the good to go for the great."
John D. Rockefeller.
The richest American
who ever lived.
That's your formula
for the stock market?
[Harshad smirks]
I'm not talking
about the stock market.
I'm talking about this country.
About the economy of this country.
You see, my vision is...
...to strengthen the economy
of our country...
...and take it forward.
And I need people like you
in this endeavour.
I can't achieve this alone, can I?
So...
...will you help me build the economy
or will you destroy it?
From shares and stocks, have your dreams
shifted to the parliament, Mr. Mehta?
This is your salary cheque,
right?
You have... what...
20 years of service left?
Even if you get 20 percent
increment every year...
...how much will you earn?
Join me.
I make people.
One crore sixty-eight lakhs...
...one thousand nine hundred nineteen rupees
and twenty-nine paise.
Before taxation.
You were right.
You make people.
You make fools of them.
Mr. Mehta, I'm gonna speak
very freely.
Let alone the country, you don't
even have the vision to run a corner store.
[Sucheta] 'You can dominate
the market...'
'...only till such time that
the sources of yours funds are hidden.'
The day those sources become public...
...your personal funds won't last
for even twenty days.
Mr. Mehta, you are not building
the nation.
You are building your fortune
and your image.
So, stop fooling people.
Have you always been like this,
or is it the wine?
[Harshad] 'Whatever it is...'
...it was great meeting you. Really.
I wish I get a chance
to give you an interview.
Of course. Absolutely.
But before taking my interview,
do get to know me.
Because, once you know me,
you will agree with me.
Thank you for the wine, Mr. Mehta.
But next time, don't just order
by price.
Expensive doesn't always mean good.
You have yourself a good night.
One moment, sir. Yeah.
-[Harshad] 'Hello.'
- Sir, Jignesh is on the line.
He says it's urgent.
-[Harshad] 'Connect him.'
- Okay, sir. Yeah.
Yes, Jignesh.
What is it?
Harshad Bhai, beware.
Tomorrow at 8 am, the income tax will
raid your home and offices.
It is confirmed.
Then I'll welcome them in style.
Find out who all are going to be there.
[Jignesh] 'Okay, Harshad Bhai.'
Step outside, please.
Hurry...
What happened?
The income tax department
will raid us tomorrow.
[doorbell ringing]
Get the kids ready.
The driver is waiting downstairs.
Two minutes.
Harshad Mehta.
Mr. Ramaswami, welcome.
Please come in...
What happened?
You are 15 minutes late.
You must've hit some
traffic near the temple.
People start bothering God
first in the morning.
Good.
I've asked them to prepare
breakfast for you.
We are vegetarians so...
...there are no eggs or omelette.
Sorry.
But I have asked for a
south Indian breakfast.
I hope you are okay with
upma, dosa, uttapam?
And if anyone fancies Gujarati snacks then...
...chevdo, chakri and ghatia
are always there.
Mr. Mehta, I have a search warrant
for your house.
- Of course.
- We have to search your premise.
Sure. Go ahead.
I've even informed my office.
Come on kids, hurry up.
Bye, Pappa.
Hey, rascals. Come here.
What do you mean ‘bye'?
Who will greet the guests?
- Greetings, sir.
Go now.
[Harshad] 'Now that's an
auspicious start.'
You can search all you want.
Everything is right here...
...and what isn't,
has been already paid in advance tax.
Begin the search.
It's a big house.
It will take time. Have some breakfast first.
We will order it from outside.
Oh, so you're allowed to order
from outside during an IT raid?
[phone ringing]
No.
Hello.
Yes.
It's your brother.
As per rules,
you can't make any calls after this.
And we will receive all your calls.
You can speak for now.
Thank you. You are really kind.
Hello.
Yes, Ashwin.
Yes. Mr. Ramaswami
is here with his team.
No, they are not having breakfast.
No, they aren't fasting.
No. Fine. Okay.
Here.
Will you have some after-mint?
- You aren't having breakfast.
- Upstairs.
Okay.
[Harshad] 'Here... eat peacefully.'
You people also, please wrap up
your work fast.
Smoking is not allowed here.
But for the government,
everything is allowed.
Thank you.
Sir, we have searched everything.
[Man1] 'Physical records
and files are very few.'
They say everything
is saved in the computers.
We've confiscated the CPUs
and are bringing it.
Seal the Accounts section.
Okay, sir.
- This...
- What do you mean, seal it?
What's your problem with my office?
It's an investigation,
Mr. Mehta.
Unless we are done...
...you can't touch your books.
It's not allowed.
Do you know, how many people
work in my office?
Where will I send them?
I can't get a new office
just because of you.
That's why we aren't sealing
the entire office.
We are done here. Wrap up.
Take all these.
[Man2] 'Yes'
I hope you find what you are
looking for soon, Mr. Ramaswami.
Because you won't be able
to keep my office shut for long.
[Song playing]
Come on. I need more details.
Did they find anything else?
Keep me posted.
Nothing.
Someone must have tipped him.
Right.
- Next time.
[Song playing]